but it's been cool it's been a it's been
a it's been a fun process and you know
it's rare that nowadays you get to be a
fan of something and then actually end
up working on the film or some version
of the film down the line
a really good group of guys and you know
it's a little daunting at first because
you you know you see their dynamic you
see how how great they are and how funny
they are and how close they are and
you're kind of the new guy stepping in
but it's it's you know I can't tell you
how great it's been with these guys they
want everyone else to be funny
I'm like Ron's new nemesis is his
competition and like you know the next
level of anchorman global you know the
guy who's getting paid a million in and
where the expensive threads and you know
he's like the stud the stud anchor like
the the the Tom Brokaw comes in top
top-shelf stuff so the boys are all like
wow he just just smells like money and
you know and they just they all just
like kind of give anything to be his
friend you know and I'm just such a
bully and such a cocky full of himself
you know so it's a great foil for for
Burgundy and you know they have us like
squared off
we'll just is the funniest person I've
ever met
I mean he's he has the ability to you go
in knowing the scene you know what he's
gonna say you think in your mind what
how you think he's gonna save the line
and then you're in the scene and he says
it and it's unlike anything you ever
anticipated and it's like I saw that
line coming and it was a joke and it was
you know funny line but I didn't say it
like that and that keeps you on your
toes too but it's just seeing him have a
good time with it